Pooja Ranjan: Hello, Kumar, Kwame.
Pooja Ranjan: Sir… If you guys have a specific PR, can you please drop the link? Yeah.
Pooja Ranjan: Instead of the number, it would be easier to follow the link, and we can take it one by one. Sam would be a couple of minutes late today, so please bear with us. We are going to have the call, just maybe a few minutes later.
Pooja Ranjan: Pam, it looks like 1243 is not added to agenda.
Pooja Ranjan: Yeah, I think it would be a good idea to add it. Do you have any specific question with respect to that proposal? Or PR? Or just the review you're looking for?
kwame: It is a, update from the last session that I was at.
kwame: there were some updates that, Sam was wanting me to… to do on it, so I had, just did those.
Pooja Ranjan: Very well. In that case, I'll just go ahead and add it into the review, peer.
Pooja Ranjan: Okay, thank you.
Pooja Ranjan: Quick question for Sir. I know you may not be able to speak, but perhaps you can respond in the chat. So, you mentioned that the new PR
Pooja Ranjan: is a replacement for EIP? What does that mean? Like, you don't want to
Pooja Ranjan: I mean, I don't understand the replacement mean. Is it something new that you are trying to propose, and in future, people can use this additional EIP instead of 7980?
Pooja Ranjan: I see it now. So, 7980 is originally withdrawn.
Pooja Ranjan: So maybe this is a new…
Pooja Ranjan: Proposal that people would like to follow.
Pooja Ranjan: Yep.
Pooja Ranjan: That's perfectly alright, yeah. Because this proposal is already withdrawn, even if it is, like, exact same, we could use it, but as you are mentioning, that it has a different backing algorithm, it's perfect. Thank you.
Pooja Ranjan: Welcome, Sam.
Sam: Hello.
Pooja Ranjan: Hi, Sam. Good to see you. So, we are already joined by a few authors. They have their… they have already shared their proposals. If we are ready, we can perhaps move the stream over.
Pooja Ranjan: Should we go live?
Pooja Ranjan: Anadakash, you can perhaps move over the screen.
Pooja Ranjan: Welcome to EIP Editing Office Hour, meeting number 74. This meeting will cover proposals, PRs from EIP and ERC GitHub repositories.
Pooja Ranjan: On agenda, we have a bunch of final proposals, PRs to move proposals into last call, a few for review.
Pooja Ranjan: And a good section here today is about miscellaneous and forced merged, and perhaps some spam that we would like to deal with. And also, proposals for new draft to be added today.
Pooja Ranjan: We are joined by a few authors on the call here today. Some, the first one is for final proposal, and the PR number is 1230. We are joined by the author Kumar here.
kumar: Yes, hello. Yep.
Sam: Let's give this a read.
Sam: Okay, this person… this person money, person money…
Sam: Okay, I don't think this has changed significantly so far from the last time I read it.
kumar: Yep, correct.
Sam: Okay.
Sam: 20 million…
Sam: Yeah, this all looks good.
Sam: And let me just take a look at this…
Sam: And… I want to look at your assets as well.
Sam: 7291.
Sam: That looks good…
Sam: Yeah, that sounded nice. Okay, cool.
Pooja Ranjan: Congratulations, we have… One proposal moved to final standard here today.
kumar: Alright, thank you so much.
Sam: Oh, my pleasure.
Pooja Ranjan: Alright, next we are joined by author, who wants to move the proposal to review status. The PR number is 1243 on ERC.
Pooja Ranjan: We are joined by Kwem for any questions.
Sam: Okay, cool.
Sam: Let's take a look.
Sam: Alright, here, C315 is the minimum. Okay, let's start with title here, so…
Sam: Each participant provides a verifiable acceptance and testation once the required set of acceptances are present and fresh.
Sam: Okay…
Sam: So this is a super minor feedback, but here is Stripe 2.
Sam: It's not like a requirement, but just a thought. Agents do have to be tagged together with a trust coordinator, existing intent standards, 7521, 7683, define single initiative flows and do not specified multi-party agreement.
Sam: You'll see it specifies the smallest on-chain perimeter for that gap with initiative 721… 71 to Intent.
Sam: 71210, so…
Sam: You know what, I think that's understandable. As long as you define what intent is, I don't think that's going to be a problem. Because I'm assuming it just means an EAP712, like, encoded and signed message, and I think that's understandable. The intent becomes executed while the required set of acceptances to present an expired protocol.
Sam: Okay…
Sam: Okay… the keywords math shouldn't matter.
Sam: Okay implementation tab, and…
Sam: Seriously specifies.
Sam: Okay, deterministic hashing rows… Okay… let's use the following… U712 domain… Okay… 5267… 5267…
Sam: propose, purging nonce.
Sam: No, there's a whole section on nonsense, perfect. Okay. Agent ID…
Sam: Kev…
Sam: Coronation payload, doo-do-do.
Sam: Okay, okay, so what are these specifying? Typed data hashes, so these are just saying…
Sam: So I'm gonna look at participant's hash…
Sam: K…
Sam: per agent. Acceptance services are optional. If implemented, it must be straight. Okay, perfect.
Sam: Limitations to revert registration custom errors or revert strings for the following basic conditions, and may define additional errors for various specific modules.
Sam: Okay… Yep, okay, suppression of intent, acceptance in the off-chain, okay…
Sam: 1271…
Sam: Yeah, I think this is good. These comments are…
Sam: Really, really minor. Feel free to, you know.
Sam: sort them out while you're in review. Yeah, thanks for coming out.
Pooja Ranjan: Thank you.
Pooja Ranjan: So, the next author who has joined here as today is for a proposal which is already in a withdrawn status, and he's trying to propose a new PR. The PR is on EIP GitHub repository 10373.
Pooja Ranjan: And, yeah, perhaps this will be the replacement of a withdrawn proposal.
Pooja Ranjan: And we are joined by Sir, but he may not be able to speak, he may not have a good microphone, here to respond in chat if there is any question.
Sam: Sure.
Sam: Okay, wait, so…
Sam: So you said this is a replacement for a withdrawn, EIP, or…
Pooja Ranjan: Yeah, yeah, for a withdrawn one. And the number of that proposal is 7980.
Sam: Oh, I see. Okay. Yeah.
Sam: And… what? Was that one withdrawn?
Sam: There's no withdrawal reason.
Pooja Ranjan: That's a problem. It's the same author, maybe he got some better ideas here.
Sam: Oh, it's… it doesn't show up in the rendered… Huh.
Sam: Gonna open a bug for that.
Pooja Ranjan: I have a bunch of spams listed for you, Sam.
Pooja Ranjan: On this agenda itself, I have listed.
Sam: Okay. Buck port…
Sam: Okay.
Sam: It's an EMP7932 algorithm type for P256 support types 0x0.
Sam: So there's the algorithm of supporting P256 signatures. That is… yep. P256, like P256R1 is widely used in this unit's algorithm that already has presence in the lithium codebase.
Sam: SEEP defines a new 7932 algorithm type of the following parameters.
Sam: Okay… Do-do-do…
Sam: The teacher says something about RIP7212.
Sam: Ugh, that's annoying.
Sam: There we go. Okay. Sec256 is an electric charge known as P256 and PREM256V1 carriers for the following domain. I'm sure that's all correct, because I…
Sam: Definitely can't read cryptography code. Eptic curve, signature fabrication steps…
Sam: Fair request must be prepared for the pre-compiled contract.
Sam: Dishna… 500 gas penalty…
Sam: Okay, good. Yep.
Sam: Cool.
Sam: Alright, where are we off to next?
Pooja Ranjan: We can finish up the final proposals. There are two more.
Sam: Sure.
Sam: Okay…
Sam: Code chain ID with transaction hash. Way to encode a chain ID and transaction hash into Unique's true format.
Sam: combination opportunity and transaction hash into one string, and this is for an ERC.
Sam: Okay. Think about transaction by attach hours for correct context for the chain. If the chain information is included in the string itself, finding the right chain for the transaction is easy. Such strings can then be used, for example, on forwarded servers that forward to the correct blockchain Explorer. The chain ID is included in some object format, such as the transaction object inside the blockchain itself, but that object is a lot of unneeded data for our purposes.
Sam: Chain ID generated chain ID. The chain ID must be based on 8.55, and the chain ID repository stated in that EIP. Transaction hash known as TX hash, must include the 0x prefix. The section TX acting as a type identified. The syntax is chain ID.
Sam: Dun dun.
Sam: An example for a transaction with hash blah that was issued on chain ID1 is… Okay…
Sam: I think this is fine.
Pooja Ranjan: We have one more final here.
Pooja Ranjan: Thank you.
Sam: 3009.
Sam: This is an oldie. Alright.
Pooja Ranjan: Happy to see people making effort to finally finalize their proposals.
Sam: Yeah.
Sam: Okay, so let's start by looking at the history of this.
Pooja Ranjan: Yeah, just a thought, like.
Sam: Can we move from stagnant to final directly, or we have to go back to the original status? You have to go back to the original status.
Sam: So what was it here?
Sam: Stagnant, alright? That means it's probably stagnant here as well.
Sam: Yeah, let's…
Pooja Ranjan: It's before the split time, pretty old.
Sam: So, draft. Okay.
Sam: So…
Sam: Okay…
Sam: So… title…
Sam: Okay… What are the other things we have to fix in here?
Sam: I feel like this would actually be kind of a useful exercise for office hours, updating a really old EIP.
Pooja Ranjan: Yeah, right.
Sam: And, okay, so a couple… of these…
Sam: Okay, and then… non-relative midlink, or… Yep.
Sam: Okay…
Sam: Who cares…
Sam: There's an existing spec, ERC…
Sam: There's a 2612 that also has contract implements both for maximum compatibility, the T part of which is between the spec and…
Sam: I saw on you.
Sam: Okay…
Sam: Okay… So what are SWCs?
Sam: There's just always more things… oh, not actively maintained.
Sam: Okay, so what is the license of an SWC?
Sam: It is MIT.
Pooja Ranjan: WCs are not part of… not part of accepted links, right?
Sam: Correct, yeah.
Pooja Ranjan: Not sure if it is the case for this particular link that they are trying to share, but in general, if SWCs are not actively maintained, they cannot be even part of accepted link, even if someone makes a proposal. Is that correct? Yeah, pretty much.
Sam: That looks nice for this. I think that looks nice, let's go with that.
Sam: 777… URC677… Probably doesn't exist.
Sam: I haven't been able to catch my introduction? Okay.
Sam: Hmm…
Sam: That looks fine…
Sam: Implementation…
Sam: And these should be subheadings…
Sam: Okay… Yeah, so that seems decent. Commit changes…
Sam: Wait for the refresh button to show up…
Sam: Oh, you do need a discussions too, though, I missed that.
Sam: Alright…
Sam: It says, yes, in 2009…
Sam: Oh, somebody else, I guess, already resumed the 7758.
Sam: How's that one doing?
Sam: Yeah, I guess I should probably leave a comment to that effect as well.
Pooja Ranjan: This is a unique case here.
Pooja Ranjan: So, which one would be…
Pooja Ranjan: Like, if they have to move forward, which one will be preferred, if that is?
Pooja Ranjan: Can be used here.
Pooja Ranjan: the order.
Sam: I mean…
Pooja Ranjan: Mia, and… yeah.
Sam: I think that's up to them to figure it out, if they want to, like.
Sam: They're listed as authors on the new one, so they can withdraw it if they want.
Pooja Ranjan: Yeah.
Pooja Ranjan: Yeah, yeah, yeah, that would be a better approach, because
Pooja Ranjan: Keeping an stagnant would not help.
Sam: Yeah, exactly.
Sam: Okay, back to here. Transfer with authorization, ERC… Hmm… token?
Sam: Token.
Sam: Mmm…
Sam: And…
Sam: Let's see here…
Sam: Grab this, go here, go here… Edit you again…
Sam: Discussions 2 comes right after author.
Sam: Hey.
Sam: Go away.
Sam: And let's see if this passes now.
Sam: MIT, MIT, MIT… Okay, that all seems good…
Sam: Did I miss anything? I did. What did I miss?
Sam: Should make a browser extension that just, runs EAPW inside of the GitHub UI. That would certainly make my life slightly easier when I'm doing this kind of work.
Pooja Ranjan: Definitely a good idea.
Sam: No.
Sam: I can't believe I didn't catch that.
Sam: Let's fix that…
Sam: World's noisiest PR review, okay…
Sam: Good, so now we can approve this.
Sam: Cool. Okay.
Sam: So, let's see, can we go to last call in 15 minutes? If this is a small one, probably.
Sam: So this one needs to go to last call first.
Sam: So why hasn't this merged? This hasn't merged because Cloud Code doesn't know how to do Eap Validator. That's fine. 7892.
Sam: Okay, so… 7, 8, 9, 2…
Sam: Oops, 7892, are you in… you're in last call. Oh, I see, so that just needs to be updated.
Sam: Can I update you? No?
Sam: Okay, so I'll have to do this myself. So…
Sam: Go here, go here… go here…
Sam: Sorry, I'll be off-screen for a second here, and… Oops, we're not bad.
Sam: Okay. Fetched, time to go.
Sam: I get a checkout. Last call.
Sam: There we go. Look back over here… this has been updated.
Sam: Okay, so…
Sam: We're good. This'll merge on its own now. Perfect. Actually, just in case, I'll also give it an approve.
Sam: Okay… Cool. Maybe we could do one more.
Sam: 1189. What's going on on this one?
Sam: Okay, let's give this a read.
Sam: Hmm…
Sam: Generalized contract on services, defined factory for generic… Defense Factory capable of deploying generic services on specific contracts, such as 437 accounts and services and functionalities operating in the…
Sam: Yeah, that's much better, okay.
Sam: Think… Yeah, perfect. This is all good.
Sam: Nope, wait.
Sam: Almost 2 weeks from today.
Sam: 21st.
Sam: Alright.
Sam: I guess that's, it for today for me. Thanks everybody for coming out. Thanks for putting up with the long queue times.
Pooja Ranjan: Thank you, Sam.
Sam: See you on the next call.
Pooja Ranjan: Thank you, everyone.